document how to get a newer version of jsdom (#7673)
facebook/jest: docs/Configuration.md

});
```

> _Note: Jest comes with JSDOM@11 by default. Due to JSDOM 12 and newer dropping support for Node 6, Jest is unable to upgrade for the time being. However, you can install a custom `testEnvironment` with whatever version of JSDOM that you want. E.g. [jest-environment-jsdom-thirteen](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jest-environment-jsdom-thirteen) which has JSDOM@13._

Reviewer: It's a nit, but "whatever that you want" sounds a bit sloppy to me - what about
```suggestion
_Note: Jest comes with JSDOM@11 by default. Due to JSDOM 12 and newer dropping support for Node 6, Jest is unable to upgrade for the time being. However, you can install a custom `testEnvironment` with whichever version of JSDOM you want. E.g. [jest-environment-jsdom-thirteen](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jest-environment-jsdom-thirteen), which has JSDOM@13._
```

Author: Good call!
